# Overview
This is the implementation of the front-end for the GamesInOne app.

## Layout
- front-end-interface
  - Contains the GUI code for the app, in C#
  - There are 4 major components for the GUI:
    - MainScreen: where the games will be listed after loading from database.
    - GameRow: consists of the information for a single game.
    - GamesEditList: list of games but with addition mouse event listeners to allow users to swap game row positions.
    - AddGameScreen: allows user to enter the game's infromation and add it to the database.
- front-end-test
  - Contains the testing files for the front-end
  - CI config settings are located in: `.github/workflows/front-end-test.yml`, under the "Front-End-Test" job
- link-front-and-back
  - Contains the code linking the C# GUI to the C++ backend

## Running the Code
To run the front-end, complete the following steps:
- Download Visual Studio IDE https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/
- WHEN INSTALLING, MAKE SURE THAT THE Desktop `development With C++` BOX AND THE `.NET desktop development` BOX ARE BOTH CHECKED. (This contains MSBuild, .NET, and C++ build tools).
- If you already have Visual Studio installed, in the Visual Studio installer, click `Modify` by the 2022 community edition, and checking the `Desktop development With C++` and `.NET desktop development` boxes before clicking Modify again.
- Open up the solution file located at `/src/front-end/front-end-interface/GamesInOne.sln` using Visual Studio IDE.
- Right click the solution and hit `Build` to build the solution, and click `Start` at the top of the IDE to start the app for debugging.

## Adding Code
- When implementing new components (outside of the 4 major components) that will cause changes to the parent container, pass in the parent container (usually MainScreen) to the constructor of the component, this will allow the child component to call on parent container's functions.
- `<FileName>.Designer.cs` are auto generated by Visual Studio to allow you to visualize the components location and display though the Visual Studio IDE, the source code of <FileName>.Designer.cs should not be altered manually, you should do it through the Visual Studio's GUI.
- In most cases you, will have to programically adjust the properties of the components, this should be done in the `<FileName>.cs.`

## Linking Code Between the Front and Back Ends
The interface between the front and back ends is located in the `link-front-and-back` directory. The method calls that link the two are coded in C++.\
The source code for the method calls is located in `LinkFrontAndBack.cpp`.\
The documentation for the method calls is located in `LinkFrontAndBack.h`.\
The method it uses to connect front and back ends is by creating a Dynamic Linked Library (DLL). `LinkFrontAndBack` acts as a wrapper class
to export functions in C++ for front end's C# code to utilize.

To create new functions in `LinkFrontAndBack`, follow the format
```
extern "C" __declspec(dllexport) <return type> __stdcall <function name>();
```

And in front-end code, to utilize the functions from the DLL, follow the following format for every imported function\
```
[DllImport("LinkFrontAndBack.dll", CallingConvention = CallingConvention.StdCall, CharSet = CharSet.Ansi)]
public static extern <return type> <function name>(<type + param>..);
```


## Adding Tests
The front-end testing uses the MSTest framework. Documentation [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/testing/unit-testing-with-mstest).\
The location of the testing file is: `src/front-end/front-end-test/FrontEndUnitTest.cs`.\
Tests should be added in the following format:
```
[TestMethod]
public void <TestMethodName>()
{
  <Contents of test>
}
```
